Overviews should be general. (#2079)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/ctl_chef_client.rst

Local mode will store temporary and cache files under the ``<chef_repo_path>/.cache`` directory by default. This allows a normal user to run the Chef Infra Client in local mode without requiring root access.

> About why-run Mode

Reviewer: We should make this its own page. It's a pretty useful topic and large enough to exist on its own

Author: Let's move it in another PR. We need to think about where it fits in.

Reviewer: Yeah that's fine

-----------------------------------------------------
why-run mode is a way to see what Chef Infra Client would have configured, had an actual Chef Infra Client run occurred. This approach is similar to the concept of "no-operation" (or "no-op"): decide what should be done, but then don't actually do anything until it's done right. This approach to configuration management can help identify where complexity exists in the system, where inter-dependencies may be located, and to verify that everything will be configured in the desired manner.

> When why-run mode is enabled, a Chef Infra Client run will occur that does everything up to the point at which configuration would normally occur. This includes getting the configuration data, authenticating to the Chef Infra Server, rebuilding the node object, expanding the run-list, getting the necessary cookbook files, resetting node attributes, identifying the resources, and building the resource collection and does not include mapping each resource to a provider or configuring any part of the system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When why-run mode is enabled, a Chef Infra Client run will occur that does everything up to the point at which configuration would normally occur. This includes getting the configuration data, authenticating to the Chef Infra Server, rebuilding the node object, expanding the run-list, getting the necessary cookbook files, resetting node attributes, identifying the resources, and building the resource collection, but does not include mapping each resource to a provider or configuring any part of the system.
```

.. note:: why-run mode is not a replacement for running cookbooks in a test environment that mirrors the production environment. Chef uses why-run mode to learn more about what is going on, but also Kitchen on developer systems, along with an internal OpenStack cloud and external cloud providers to test more thoroughly.

When Chef Infra Client is run in why-run mode, certain assumptions are made:

> * If the **service** resource cannot find the appropriate command to verify the status of a service, why-run mode will assume that the command would have been installed by a previous resource and that the service would not be running

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the **service** resource cannot find the appropriate command to verify the status of a service, why-run mode will assume that the command would have been installed by a previous resource and that the service would not be running.
```

> * For ``not_if`` and ``only_if`` attribute, why-run mode will assume these are commands or blocks that are safe to run. These conditions are not designed to be used to change the state of the system, but rather to help facilitate idempotency for the resource itself. That said, it may be possible that these attributes are being used in a way that modifies the system state

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For ``not_if`` and ``only_if`` properties, why-run mode will assume these are commands or blocks that are safe to run. These conditions are not designed to be used to change the state of the system, but rather to help facilitate idempotency for the resource itself. That said, it may be possible that these attributes are being used in a way that modifies the system state
```

* The closer the current state of the system is to the desired state, the more useful why-run mode will be. For example, if a full run-list is run against a fresh system, that run-list may not be completely correct on the first try, but also that run-list will produce more output than a smaller run-list

> For example, the **service** resource can be used to start a service. If the action is ``:start`` and the service is not running, then start the service (if it is not running) and do nothing (if it is running). What about a service that is installed from a package? Chef Infra Client cannot check to see if the service is running until after the package is installed. A simple question that why-run mode answers is what Chef Infra Client would say about the state of the service after installing the package, because service actions often trigger notifications to other resources. So it can be important to know in advance that any notifications are being triggered correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the **service** resource can be used to start a service. If the action is ``:start``, then the service will start if it isn't running and do nothing if it is running. If a service is installed from a package, then Chef Infra Client cannot check to see if the service is running until after the package is installed. In that case, why-run mode will indicate what Chef Infra Client would do about the state of the service after installing a package. This is important because service actions often trigger notifications to other resources, so it is important to know that these notifications are triggered correctly.
```

> For a detailed explanation of the dry-run concept and how it relates to the why-run mode, see `this blog post <http://blog.afistfulofservers.net/post/2012/12/21/promises-lies-and-dryrun-mode/>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: afistfulofservers.net is down and hasn't been updated in 8 years.
